{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 ARRL VHF Contests
\fs24 \cf0 \
ARRL-VHF-JAN\
ARRL-VHF-JUN\
ARRL-VHF-SEP
\fs20 \
Contest recipe by B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
31 December 2012
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the "Contest" tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the contest. Select the Contest ID from the list (all are prefaced "ARRL-VHF-", select JAN, JUN, OR SEP depending on the month).\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- "Show String Exchange"\
	leaving all other items unchecked (see NOTE below).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
NOTE: Although RST is not part of the contest exchange it is desirable to populate those fields with 59 or 599 so the "default" values are in the QSO records.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 CabConverter 2 limitations:\ulnone \
It is not possible to specify the "station name" if you operate from another location. For example, if your call is AA1AA and you operate from KK1KK, then this is usually specified in the Cabrillo file as \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	OPERATORS: AA1AA @KK1KK\
\
CabConverter 2 does not support this specification. If you need to have this information in the Cabrillo file, you will need to add this line with a text editor.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.
\b0 \cf0 \
\
It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\
\
		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter your exchange information into the "Sent" text area:\
	- this is your grid square with the form AAnn where AA are two letters and nn are two digits. For example, "FN42" is a legal exchange.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \
For each QSO:\
* Enter the call sign of the other station in the "Call" field.\
* Enter their other exchange information into the "Rcvd" field (their grid square). \
\

\fs36 After the contest
\fs24 \
Follow the 
\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\i0 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}