{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 ARRL Sweepstakes
\fs24 \cf0 \
ARRL-SS-CW\
ARRL-SS-SSB
\fs20 \
Contest recipe by B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
26 November 2012
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the "Contest" tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the contest. Select ARRL-SS-SSB for the phone contest; select ARRL-SS-CW for the CW contest.\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- "Show Numeric Exchange", \
	- "Show String Exchange", \
	- "Auto Increment STX", and \
	- "Leading Zeros" \
	leaving all other items unchecked (see NOTE below).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
NOTE: [From step 4] It is desirable to have a valid RST in the "RST S" and "RST R" columns of MacLoggerDX. Optionally, you can temporarily set "Show RST" in the preferences pane, bring the main window to the front, and set those values to 59 or 599, as needed. Once you are done, uncheck "Show RST in the PrefsWindow.\
\

\fs36 Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.
\b0 \cf0 \
\
It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\
\
		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter your exchange information into the 
\i Sent
\i0  area as follows:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\b \cf0 Precedent <space> Check digits (year first licensed) <space> ARRL section
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
For example, if you are QRP, first licensed in 1999, and live in Nevada, you would enter\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\b \cf0 Q 99 NV
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
into the 
\i Sent
\i0  area. Note that this information will be copied verbatim to the resulting Cabrillo file. Ensure the 
\i Sent sn
\i0  number is one (shown as "001" in the field).\
\

\fs36 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \
For each QSO:\
* Enter the call sign of the other station in the 
\i Call
\i0  field.\
* Enter the serial number received from the other station in the 
\i Rcvd sn
\i0  text area.\
* Enter their other exchange information as you did your own into the 
\i Rcvd
\i0  field (Precedent, Check digits, ARRL section). \
\
Note that the 
\i Sent sn
\i0  field should increment with each QSO logged. (If it does not, open the PrefsWindow again and ensure the "Auto Increment STX" is checked.\
\

\fs36 After the contest
\fs24 \
Follow the 
\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\i0 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}