{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{diamond\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9670 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{diamond\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9670 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 RSGB 80M Club Championship
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 RSGB-80M-CC
\fs20 \
Contest recipe by David Ferrington, M0XDF\
M0XDF@alphadene.co.uk\
V1.0 21 December 2012\

\fs24 \

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the 
\i Contest
\i0  tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the contest. Select RSGB-80M-CC.\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check): 
\i Auto Increment STX
\i0  and 
\i Leading Zeros
\i0 .\
{\listtext	5.	}Select (check): 
\i Show Numeric Exchange
\i0 , leaving all other items unchecked (see NOTE below).\
{\listtext	6.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
{\listtext	7.	}Set the 
\i Sent sn
\i0  field to '001' (remembering it will auto-increment from there as each contact is logged).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
NOTE: [From step 5] It is desirable to have a valid RST in the "RST S" and "RST R" columns of MacLoggerDX. Optionally, you can temporarily set 
\i Show RST
\i0  in the preferences pane, bring the main window to the front, and set those values to 59 or 599 depending upon the mode of the contest. Once you are done, uncheck 
\i Show RST
\i0  in the PrefsWindow. Off course, you can show the RST fields and other fields if you so desire, but they aren\'92t required for this contest (unless of course you wish to give real reports).\

\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs48 \cf3 Instructions for the datamodes contest\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 If you are entering the data modes contest (RTTY or PSK), read this.\
\
The RSGB allows both a RTTY and a PSK contact to count as an individual contact. This means that both types must be identifiable in the log and the RSGB use RY for RTTY and PS for PSK. However the Cabrillo specification makes no allowance for anything other than RT for RTTY (and uses PH for PSK) and this causes a problem in the conversion. There are two ways in which you can work around this:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9670 
\f0 	}The simplest way is to edit your MacLoggerDX log after the contest and change the mode of all the RTTY contacts to read 'RY' and those of PSK contacts to read 'PS'. To do this, sort your log by mode, highlight all the RTTY entries, use the menu item 'Log->Change Selected Log Entries\'85' and change just the mode. Do the same for the PSK entries.\
\pard\tx566\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9670 
\f0 	}Alternatively, you can change what MacLoggerDX logs for a given mode. to do this, open the 'PrefsWindow', click on the 'Modes' tab and you can change the text logged for any mode (double-click the text in the right hand column). The disadvantage with this approach is that online log systems (like Logbook of the World) will not recognise that mode in the ADIF file.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs28 CabConverter will not attempt to translate modes it doesn't recognise, but will pass then straight through to the Cabrillo log.\
If you use CabConverter to translate an RSGB-80M-CC datamodes contest, please let me know (M0XDF@alphadene.co.uk), if people are using it, I'll look at getting the CabConverter code changed to accommodate it.\

\fs24 \

\fs36 Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\

\fs24 \

\fs28 		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter the first serial (normally 001) into the "Sent sn" field. \
\

\fs36 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \

\fs28 For each QSO:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Enter the call sign of the other station in the 
\i Call
\i0  field.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Enter the serial number received into the 
\i Rcvd sn
\i0  field. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs36 After the contest
\fs24 \

\fs28 Follow the 
\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\i0 .\

\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}