{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 RSGB Low Power
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 RSGB-LOW-POWER
\fs20 \
Contest recipe by David Ferrington, M0XDF\
M0XDF@alphadene.co.uk\
V1.0 21 December 2012
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the 
\i Contest
\i0  tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the contest. Select RSGB-LOW-POWER.\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check): 
\i Auto Increment STX
\i0  and 
\i Leading Zeros
\i0 .\
{\listtext	5.	}Select (check): 
\i Show Numeric Exchange
\i0  and 
\i Show String Exchange
\i0  leaving all other items unchecked (see NOTE below).\
{\listtext	6.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
{\listtext	7.	}Set the 
\i Sent sn
\i0  field to '001' (remembering it will auto-increment from there as each contact is logged).\
{\listtext	8.	}Enter your power into the 
\i Sent
\i0  field (note the special format required as per the contest rules.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
NOTE: [From step 5] It is desirable to have a valid RST in the "RST S" and "RST R" columns of MacLoggerDX. Optionally, you can temporarily set 
\i Show RST
\i0  in the preferences pane, bring the main window to the front, and set those values to 599. Once you are done, uncheck 
\i Show RST
\i0  in the PrefsWindow. Off course, you can show the RST fields and other fields if you so desire, but they aren\'92t required for this contest (unless of course you wish to give real reports).\

\fs24 \

\fs36 Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\

\fs24 \

\fs28 		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter the first serial (normally 001) into the "Sent sn" field. \
\

\fs36 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \

\fs28 For each QSO:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Enter the call sign of the other station in the 
\i Call
\i0  field.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Enter the serial number received into the 
\i Rcvd sn
\i0  field.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Enter the power into the 
\i Rcvd
\i0  field.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs36 After the contest
\fs24 \

\fs28 Follow the 
\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\i0 .\

\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}