{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Michigan QSO Party
\fs24 \cf0 \
MIQP\

\fs20 Contest recipe by B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
17 April 2016
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the "Contest" tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the appropriate contest: MI-QSO-PARTY\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check): \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Show String Exchange\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Show Numeric Exchange\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Auto Increment STX \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}No other items should be checked (see note).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
{\listtext	6.	}Choose \'93Contest\'94 from the \'93DX/Contest\'94 tab.\
{\listtext	7.	}Enter your location in the 
\i Sent
\i0  field.\
{\listtext	8.	}The serial number 
\i Sent Sn
\i0  should be at 1.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Note:\
It is advantageous to set the RST fields to 59 or 599 before hiding them for the contest. That ensures each QSO record will have valid RST data.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.
\b0 \cf0 \
\
It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\
\
		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter your name and location into the 
\i Sent
\i0  field. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \
For each QSO:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Enter the call sign of the other station in the 
\i Call
\i0  field.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Enter the received serial number exchange information into the 
\i Rcvd Sn
\i0  field. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Enter the received location exchange information into the 
\i Rcvd
\i0  field.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 After the contest
\fs24 \
Follow the 
\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\i0 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}