{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c23137\c0\c64314;\csgenericrgb\c85098\c4314\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 ARRL Rookie Roundup
\fs24 \cf0 \
ARRL-RR-CW\
ARRL-RR-SSB\
ARRL-RR-RTTY
\fs20 \
Contest recipe by B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
13 April 2019
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 MacLoggerDX setup
\fs28 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the MacLoggerDX PrefsWindow by selecting "Preferences\'85" from the MacLoggerDX menu.\
{\listtext	2.	}Click on the "Contest" tab.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select the contest. Select ARRL-RR-SSB for the phone contest; select ARRL-RR-CW for the CW contest, or ARRL-RR-RTTY.\
{\listtext	4.	}Select (check):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- "Show String Exchange", \
	leaving all other items unchecked (see NOTE below).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Close the PrefsWindow.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
NOTE: [From step 4] It is desirable to have a valid RST in the "RST S" and "RST R" columns of MacLoggerDX. Optionally, you can temporarily set "Show RST" in the preferences pane, bring the main window to the front, and set those values to 59 or 599, as needed. Once you are done, uncheck "Show RST in the PrefsWindow.\
\

\fs36 Before the contest
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
It is best to ensure that rig control is working prior to the contest start. A proper radio-computer connection ensures that the frequency and mode are captured from the radio. The date and time are automatically captured by the computer with MacLoggerDX. That leaves only the call sign and exchange information to be captured by typing.\
\
		
\f1\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. 
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
Prior to the start of the contest enter your exchange information into the 
\f2\i Sent
\f0\i0  area as follows:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Name <space> Year first licensed as two digits <space> State/Province/DX
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
For example, I would have the following since I was first licensed in 2002\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 SCOTT 02 NH
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
into the 
\f2\i Sent
\f0\i0  area. Note that this information will be copied verbatim to the resulting Cabrillo file.\
\

\fs36 Data entry during the contest
\fs24 \
For each QSO:\
* Enter the call sign of the other station in the 
\f2\i Call
\f0\i0  field.\
* Enter their other exchange information as you did your own into the 
\f2\i Rcvd
\f0\i0  field (Name, year, state/province/DX). \
\
\

\fs36 After the contest
\fs24 \
Follow the 
\f2\i General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\f0\i0 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 # # #}