{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red32\green0\blue99;\red164\green8\blue0;
\red63\green105\blue30;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{check\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u10003 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{check\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u10003 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh14180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 About CabConverter 2
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
28 November 2012
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 What is CabConverter 2?
\fs28 \

\fs24 CabConverter 2 (or just "CabConverter" for the remainder of this document) is a program that converts electronic ham radio logs used in radio contests into a format suitable for submission to contest sponsors. CabConverter is not a logging program; CabConverter is a report generator that takes data from an .ADIF file exported from a logging program and produces a new report file in a format called 
\i Cabrillo
\i0 .\
\
If you wish to participate in any of the large radio contests such as CQ World Wide or the ARRL DX you must be able to produce a log file in a format acceptable to those contest sponsors. While most contests still accept a radio log written on paper, contest submissions in the form of computer log files in Cabrillo format are preferred. There will likely come a day when only computer log files will be accepted.\
\

\fs36 A bit of history
\fs28 \

\fs24 The original Cab-Converter program (note the "-" in the name) was written by me, B. Scott Andersen (just "Scott", please) in 2002. I had just been licensed and had tried my hand at contesting in the CQ WW SSB contest. I had selected MacLoggerDX from Dog Park Software ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dogparksoftware.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://www.dogparksoftware.com/}}) as my logging program and had gotten rig control working. A Heil headset, foot pedal, and nice computer logging software seemed all I needed to get started.\
\
When the contest was over I realized that I had missed a step: I needed a way to convert my log into 
\i Cabrillo
\i0  format so it could be submitted to CQ Magazine's in-box. What should I do? After looking around for a program to do this conversion and finding nothing that fit the bill, I decided to tackle the task myself. I wrote a very small program in Java to do the conversion. This program took as input the .ADIF export from MacLoggerDX and turned each QSO into a line in a text file in the format expected by CQ Magazine. I edited the other element needed myself within a text editor (much like the one you are using now to read this) and submitted the log. \
\
In August of 2003 I saw the results of my efforts in that month's CQ Magazine:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f1 \cf0 *NE1RD A 119,568 267 48 140
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
My first contest shows me running low power on all bands with 267 QSOs, 48 zones, 140 countries, and 119,568 points. I was excited! I knew I wanted to do more contesting!\
\
I enjoyed using MacLoggerDX for the logging but a more robust solution for the conversion to Cabrillo format needed to be created. After some experimentation I settled on using Real Basic from Real Software, Inc. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.realsoftware.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.realsoftware.com/}}) and began making a program that would be a more general conversion solution for me. \
\
I concentrated on just those contests I needed for myself at first but soon I wondered if others had this problem. If they did, could I help? In March of 2005 I opened the Cab-Converter group on Yahoo! ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://groups.yahoo.com/group/cab-converter/"}}{\fldrslt http://groups.yahoo.com/group/cab-converter/}}) and posted a version of the program so that other MacLoggerDX users could also use that logger for contesting. As of this writing, the group has over 200 members.\
\

\fs36 Why a new CabConverter*?
\fs24 \
(*And, where did the "-" in the name go?)\
\
[The name was changed to CabConverter (no dash) to make it easier to type, and to differentiate between the old world Cab-Converter (version 1.x) and the new one (version 2.x). You're welcome.]\
\
One of the recurring themes in the discussion boards for the program was, "Can you support this or that new contest?" I tried, at least at first, to keep up with all the new requests. In the end, there are far too many contests for one person to support--and nearly all of the new requests were contests I had no interest in entering. Updating the program for each contest was time consuming and soon I was forced to decline request for enhancements.\
\
Users then began asking if there was a way they could add contests to the program themselves. Was there a way to have a "template" of some kind developed by end-users and processed by the program? If so, I wouldn't have to be involved in every new contest effort.\
\
That approach has a lot of appeal as it solves several problems: \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Users could add new contests and share those templates with other group members\
{\listtext	2.	}Changes to contest rules (they do happen) could be done by users\
{\listtext	3.	}Small problems with Cabrillo output from the program could be fixed in the template, alleviating the need to make changes to the software and triggering a new release for every fix\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The template idea was a good one. But, how could I make it work? That problem would be considered for several years before I came up with a good solution.\
\
Cab-Converter (the original version) also had a problem of "trying to do too much, and doing it badly." At some point I became ambitious and attempted to add score calculation and data validation into the program. This ultimately was a couple of bad ideas--and the new CabConverter 2 attempts neither.\
\
I had promised the community for some time that a rewrite of CabConverter was in the works. I had the following requirements in mind while approaching the rewrite:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}The program must be such that it is 
\i user extensible
\i0 . Users should be able to add their own contests, update existing contests, and share those enhancements with others easily.\
{\listtext	2.	}The program must be written so it can be "open sourced", released to the community so that others could provide enhancements or even rewrites. \
{\listtext	3.	}The program had to be written using tools that were free, available for the Macintosh MacOS X operating system, and preferably built-in and pre-installed.\
{\listtext	4.	}The documentation for the program and the contests, key to making the program work for users, must be in a form that is easy to update. Users must be able to add their own documentation to support their new contests or enhancements.\
{\listtext	5.	}All the "brittle" features from the previous Cab-Converter 1.x software should be avoided in the new version. There will be no attempt to add score calculation, data validation, or features like 3830 summaries. Feature that are not there cannot be broken. Simple wins.\
{\listtext	6.	}Ideally the software distribution for CabConverter should be \ul small\ulnone . (Cab-Converter 1.x, written in Real Basic as an executable program became so large that it was difficult to make it fit within Yahoo! file size limits.)\
{\listtext	7.	}This is not a hard-requirement, but it would be nice if the program supported other logging programs besides MacLoggerDX. Attempts should be made, at least, to allow for that.\
{\listtext	8.	}Contests should be \ul easy\ulnone  to add. Ideally, a contest could be added with only a data file--with no programming necessary by an end user. \
{\listtext	9.	}The user interface should provide selection of categories and items that are specific to this particular contest. So, if the contest is a single band contest for 10m, for example, there should not be a user interface element asking if you are "all bands" or one of (10m, 15m, 20m, 40m, etc.) This idea makes the primary requirement, that the program is 
\i user extensible
\i0 , and the requirement that adding a contest should not require a program change, especially tricky.\
{\listtext	10.	}I needed to get out of the "CabConverter" business! I have work and other commitments that have eaten most of my time. Though I have enjoyed this journey, all journeys have an end--and this needs to be leading to the end for me.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
It took quite a while to get all these requirements formulated and solidified in my mind. It took even longer to find an approach to this problem that addressed all these requirements, especially since some of the requirements appeared to be contradictory! Nevertheless, an approach was found and CabConverter 2.x is here. \
\

\fs36 How does CabConverter 2 work?
\fs24 \
CabConverter 2.x is written in Java, a language popular with introductory computer science courses in college, and most well-versed programmers of this age can work with it. Java programs are quite small compared to native applications as much of the bulky code for the implementation is within the Java runtime (the native MacOS X program that interprets the Java bytecode of the program). You don't need to know any of this to actually \ul use\ulnone  the program, of course, but selecting Java does address several of the requirements listed above.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf4 The CabConverter.jar file (the program part of CabConverter) looks for a folder in your home directory's "Documents" folder called "CCContests".
\b0 \cf0  Within this folder is a collection of .xml files that contain information about individual contests and how to produce Cabrillo-formatted reports for them. One part of each .xml file has details for the user interface aspects of the contest. Here we can specify the pop-up menus and text entry areas associated with details for \ul this\ulnone  contest.\
\
The other half of the .xml file specifies how the Cabrillo output will look, line-by-line, integrating the data supplied by the user (from personal information and contest-specific choices) and the data supplied by the logging program via the .ADIF file.\
\
Fixing a contest that has incorrect UI choices or ill-formed report output can be done by editing the .xml file for that contest. It should not be necessary to make changes to the Java code.\
\
Adding new contests is done by adding a new .xml file to the 
\i CCContests
\i0  directory. CabConverter will pick up the new file the next time the program is started. Please see the 
\i Composing contest recipes.rtf
\i0  file in the Documentation directory for how to create (or edit) contest .xml files.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Assessing CabConverter against its requirements\

\fs24 \
At long last, and after many prototyping efforts and designs, the implementation of CabConverter 2 is ready. How did we do against those requirements? Quite well, as shown below:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}The program must be such that it is 
\i user extensible
\i0 . Users should be able to add their own contests, update existing contests, and share those enhancements with others easily.  
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: Contests can be added or updated by editing the related .xml file. No program changes to the Java Engine are necessary.
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	2.	}The program must be written so it can be "open sourced", released to the community so that others could provide enhancements or even rewrites. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: The program is written in Java and all of the implementation was done by me (B. Scott Andersen). The software, source code, and all materials is released under a Creative Commons license (see License.rtf in the Documentation folder).
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	3.	}The program had to be written using tools that were free, available for the Macintosh MacOS X operating system, and preferably built-in and pre-installed. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: Java is free and available for MacOS X.
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	4.	}The documentation for the program and the contests, key to making the program work for users, must be in a form that is easy to update. Users must be able to add their own documentation to support their new contests or enhancements. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: Documents are organized in a single Documentation folder. Documents are standardized as .rtf files easily edited with Mac OS X TextEdit.
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	5.	}All the "brittle" features from the previous Cab-Converter 1.x software should be avoided in the new version. There will be no attempt to add score calculation, data validation, or features like 3830 summaries. Feature that are not there cannot be broken. Simple wins. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: The new design does no data verification, and has no extra features (that can break) like score computation or 3830 reporting.
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	6.	}Ideally the software distribution for CabConverter should be \ul small\ulnone . (Cab-Converter 1.x, written in Real Basic as an executable program became so large that it was difficult to make it fit within Yahoo! file size limits.) 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: The Java JAR file is very small. Documentation adds little to the package (in terms of bulk).\
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	7.	}This is not a hard-requirement, but it would be nice if the program supported other logging programs besides MacLoggerDX. Attempts should be made, at least, to allow for that.\
{\listtext	8.	}Contests should be \ul easy\ulnone  to add. Ideally, a contest could be added with only a data file--with no programming necessary by an end user. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: The .ADIF parser, though not fully ADIF compliant, parses exports from fldigi and other programs without problems. 
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	9.	}The user interface should provide selection of categories and items that are specific to this particular contest. So, if the contest is a single band contest for 10m, for example, there should not be a user interface element asking if you are "all bands" or one of (10m, 15m, 20m, 40m, etc.) This idea makes the primary requirement, that the program is 
\i user extensible
\i0 , and the requirement that adding a contest should not require a program change, especially tricky. 
\b \cf4 Fulfilled: The .xml file contains UI commands that can be tailored to each contest.
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	10.	}I needed to get out of the "CabConverter" business! I have work and other commitments that have eaten most of my time. Though I have enjoyed this journey, all journeys have an end--and this needs to be leading to the end for me. 
\b \cf4 Nearly fulfilled: The source code, documentation, executable, and contest templates (.xml files) is ready and can be released publicly. A permanent home for all this (perhaps on SourceForge ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sourceforge.net/"}}{\fldrslt http://sourceforge.net/}}) will be found and volunteers for "committers" will be sought.
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf5 EXTRA CREDIT: 
\b0 \cf0 CabConverter 2 was written primarily for MacLoggerDX users on the MacOS X platform. However, since CabConverter 2 is written in Java there is no reason why it shouldn't also be available for Windows and LINUX users. While serious contesters on Windows will almost certainly prefer contest logging programs like N1MM, users of FLDIGI and other non-contesting programs may benefit from CabConverter 2's capabilities on these other platforms.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Honorable Mentions\

\fs24 \
CabConverter 2 development was assisted by (in call sign order):\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}AB1HD ~ Rich provided many good ideas during and after the program's implementation, and provided Quality Assurance services. Rich also tested CabConverter on Windows and LINUX platforms. \
{\listtext	\'95	}M0XDF ~ David provided support for the original Cab-converter (distributed within the Yahoo! Group), provided Quality Assurance services for the program implementation, and developed contest recipes for European-based contests.\
{\listtext	\'95	}WB2ZAB ~ Todd was a faithful user of the original Cab-converter product and was the first guinea pig for CabConverter 2. Todd's 2012 ARRL SS log was the first to be processed and submitted to a contest sponsor.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs36 Revision History
\fs24 \
\
2.0d\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}CabConverter passes through the mode unaltered from the ADIF if the mode is unrecognized. A space character should have trailed that string. It did not. Fixed.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}CabConverter document "Composing contest recipes. rtf" updated to reflect the above.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}Revision history (this section) added to About CabConverter 2 (this document).\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}The README file was updated to mention this revision history list.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}CabConverter 2 runs on Macintosh MacOS X, LINUX, and Windows. Windows users are now instructed to place the CCContests folders on their desktop. Update to this document and the README covers this.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}RSGB-AFS contest added.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
20c\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}
\f3 The "Generate Cabrillo...." menu item is now dimmed if we don't have a contest selected, or if we have no log read in.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f3 	}We now have <MyCallsign> instead of <Callsign> in the contest recipes. This better matches to the other <TheirCallsign> macro.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u10003 
\f3 	}Build scripts now included in the release.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 	-- Original build scripts including JarIt and Makefile\
	-- Support for Ant added
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #\
}