{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red217\green11\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh13720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 General Instructions for Converting Log Files to Cabrillo Format
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 B. Scott Andersen\
ne1rd@arrl.net\
26 November 2012
\fs24 \
\

\fs36 Purpose
\fs28 \

\fs24 These instructions are for converting log files created by MacLoggerDX into Cabrillo files suitable for submission to radio contest sponsors. It is assumed that the contest-specific instructions highlighting important steps to be taken before and during the contest were followed. \

\fs28 \

\fs36 General Guidance
\fs28 \

\fs24 		
\b \cf3 ** As with all MacLoggerDX / CabConverter 2 conversions it is very important to enter \
		** the data into MacLoggerDX properly so CabConverter 2 can convert it. Failure to \
		** enter the data properly into MacLoggerDX will make it impossible for CabConverter 2 \
		** to successfully format a Cabrillo file for the contest sponsor. \
\
		** Always read the contest rules in advance of the contest and before attempting to configure MacLoggerDX.\

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\fs36 MacLoggerDX Export\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Select the QSOs made during the contest within the MacLoggerDX main window. \
{\listtext	2.	}Select "Export ADIF\'85" from the File menu.\
{\listtext	3.	}Select a name and place for the file to be saved. This is a temporary file. [Recommendation: Save to desktop.]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs36 CabConverter 2 Steps\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open CabConverter 2 (it is within the file CabConverter.jar). \
{\listtext	2.	}Select ARRL Sweepstakes from the contest selection ComboBox.\
{\listtext	3.	}Ensure the personal data is correct in the upper-left panel of the CabConverter 2 UI. Update where necessary.\
{\listtext	4.	}Update the contest-specific data in the lower-eft panel of the CabConverter 2 UI.\
{\listtext	5.	}Open the ADIF file exported above by selecting "File-->Open ADIF File\'85" in CabConverter 2. \
{\listtext	6.	}Review the contents of the log as shown in the CabConverter right-side panel. If corrections are needed, update the log in MacLoggerDX and start the process again.\
{\listtext	7.	}Select "File-->Generate Cabrillo File\'85" and save the resulting file.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs36 Optional
\fs24 \
It is optional, though strongly recommended, that the output file generated by CabConverter 2 be examined. The resulting Cabrillo file is a text file that can be opened with any text editor including the one standard with MacOS X "TextEdit." \
\

\fs36 Send Cabrillo File to Contest Sponsor
\fs24 \
Follow the instructions provided by the contest sponsor and submit the Cabrillo file.\
\

\fs48 \cf2 License\

\fs24 \cf0 Please read the License.rtf file in the CabConverter 2 documentation folder for information about the permissible uses for CabConverter 2 materials including source code, documentation, and binaries.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 # # #}